javax/lang/model/type/TypeKind.java
 javax.lang.model.type.TypeKind
 javax.lang.model.type.TypeKind$1
javax/lang/model/util/Elements.java
 javax.lang.model.util.Elements
javax/lang/model/type/UnionType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.UnionType
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor6
javax/lang/model/element/VariableElement.java
 javax.lang.model.element.VariableElement
javax/lang/model/util/ElementKindVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementKindVisitor8
com/squareup/javapoet/CodeWriter.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeWriter
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeWriter$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeWriter$Multiset
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor7
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractElementVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractElementVisitor8
com/squareup/javapoet/ParameterSpec.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.ParameterSpec
 com.squareup.javapoet.ParameterSpec$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.ParameterSpec$Builder
javax/lang/model/util/ElementFilter.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementFilter
com/squareup/javapoet/Util.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.Util
javax/lang/model/element/TypeParameterElement.java
 javax.lang.model.element.TypeParameterElement
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor6
com/squareup/javapoet/NameAllocator.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.NameAllocator
javax/lang/model/element/Parameterizable.java
 javax.lang.model.element.Parameterizable
javax/lang/model/util/ElementKindVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementKindVisitor7
javax/lang/model/SourceVersion.java
 javax.lang.model.SourceVersion
javax/lang/model/type/TypeVariable.java
 javax.lang.model.type.TypeVariable
javax/lang/model/element/TypeElement.java
 javax.lang.model.element.TypeElement
javax/lang/model/type/TypeVisitor.java
 javax.lang.model.type.TypeVisitor
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractAnnotationValueVisitor8
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractElementVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractElementVisitor7
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractTypeVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractTypeVisitor7
javax/lang/model/type/NullType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.NullType
javax/lang/model/element/PackageElement.java
 javax.lang.model.element.PackageElement
javax/tools/FileObject.java
 javax.tools.FileObject
com/itsaky/javax/elements/BuildConfig.java
 com.itsaky.javax.elements.BuildConfig
javax/lang/model/type/TypeMirror.java
 javax.lang.model.type.TypeMirror
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleElementVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleElementVisitor6
com/squareup/javapoet/TypeSpec.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeSpec
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeSpec$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeSpec$Builder
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeSpec$Kind
javax/lang/model/type/UnknownTypeException.java
 javax.lang.model.type.UnknownTypeException
javax/lang/model/element/AnnotationValueVisitor.java
 javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValueVisitor
javax/lang/model/element/ElementKind.java
 javax.lang.model.element.ElementKind
javax/lang/model/type/ExecutableType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.ExecutableType
javax/lang/model/type/PrimitiveType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.PrimitiveType
com/squareup/javapoet/ParameterizedTypeName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.ParameterizedTypeName
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor8
javax/lang/model/type/ArrayType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.ArrayType
javax/lang/model/element/UnknownAnnotationValueException.java
 javax.lang.model.element.UnknownAnnotationValueException
javax/annotation/processing/FilerException.java
 javax.annotation.processing.FilerException
javax/lang/model/element/ElementVisitor.java
 javax.lang.model.element.ElementVisitor
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractElementVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractElementVisitor6
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractTypeVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractTypeVisitor6
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleElementVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleElementVisitor7
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleTypeVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleTypeVisitor7
javax/annotation/processing/SupportedAnnotationTypes.java
 javax.annotation.processing.SupportedAnnotationTypes
javax/lang/model/type/MirroredTypeException.java
 javax.lang.model.type.MirroredTypeException
com/squareup/javapoet/LineWrapper.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.LineWrapper
 com.squareup.javapoet.LineWrapper$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.LineWrapper$FlushType
 com.squareup.javapoet.LineWrapper$RecordingAppendable
javax/lang/model/element/UnknownElementException.java
 javax.lang.model.element.UnknownElementException
javax/lang/model/util/ElementKindVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementKindVisitor6
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementKindVisitor6$1
javax/lang/model/type/NoType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.NoType
javax/annotation/processing/Completions.java
 javax.annotation.processing.Completions
 javax.annotation.processing.Completions$SimpleCompletion
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleTypeVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleTypeVisitor6
com/squareup/javapoet/JavaFile.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.JavaFile
 com.squareup.javapoet.JavaFile$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.JavaFile$2
 com.squareup.javapoet.JavaFile$Builder
javax/lang/model/AnnotatedConstruct.java
 javax.lang.model.AnnotatedConstruct
com/squareup/javapoet/MethodSpec.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.MethodSpec
 com.squareup.javapoet.MethodSpec$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.MethodSpec$Builder
javax/lang/model/util/ElementScanner7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementScanner7
com/squareup/javapoet/AnnotationSpec.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.AnnotationSpec
 com.squareup.javapoet.AnnotationSpec$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.AnnotationSpec$Builder
 com.squareup.javapoet.AnnotationSpec$Visitor
javax/lang/model/util/TypeKindVisitor6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.TypeKindVisitor6
 javax.lang.model.util.TypeKindVisitor6$1
javax/lang/model/element/NestingKind.java
 javax.lang.model.element.NestingKind
com/squareup/javapoet/ClassName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.ClassName
 com.squareup.javapoet.ClassName$1
javax/lang/model/util/ElementScanner6.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementScanner6
com/squareup/javapoet/CodeBlock.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeBlock
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeBlock$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeBlock$Builder
 com.squareup.javapoet.CodeBlock$CodeBlockJoiner
javax/lang/model/type/DeclaredType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.DeclaredType
javax/annotation/processing/SupportedOptions.java
 javax.annotation.processing.SupportedOptions
javax/lang/model/type/ErrorType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.ErrorType
javax/lang/model/element/AnnotationValue.java
 javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationValue
javax/lang/model/util/ElementScanner8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.ElementScanner8
javax/lang/model/type/MirroredTypesException.java
 javax.lang.model.type.MirroredTypesException
javax/annotation/processing/RoundEnvironment.java
 javax.annotation.processing.RoundEnvironment
javax/lang/model/type/IntersectionType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.IntersectionType
javax/lang/model/util/Types.java
 javax.lang.model.util.Types
javax/lang/model/type/WildcardType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.WildcardType
javax/lang/model/util/TypeKindVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.TypeKindVisitor7
javax/lang/model/element/Name.java
 javax.lang.model.element.Name
com/squareup/javapoet/ArrayTypeName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.ArrayTypeName
javax/annotation/processing/SupportedSourceVersion.java
 javax.annotation.processing.SupportedSourceVersion
javax/lang/model/element/Modifier.java
 javax.lang.model.element.Modifier
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor7.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleAnnotationValueVisitor7
javax/lang/model/type/ReferenceType.java
 javax.lang.model.type.ReferenceType
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleElementVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleElementVisitor8
javax/lang/model/util/AbstractTypeVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.AbstractTypeVisitor8
javax/lang/model/element/ExecutableElement.java
 javax.lang.model.element.ExecutableElement
javax/lang/model/util/SimpleTypeVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.SimpleTypeVisitor8
javax/tools/SimpleJavaFileObject.java
 javax.tools.SimpleJavaFileObject
com/squareup/javapoet/FieldSpec.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.FieldSpec
 com.squareup.javapoet.FieldSpec$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.FieldSpec$Builder
javax/lang/model/UnknownEntityException.java
 javax.lang.model.UnknownEntityException
javax/tools/JavaFileObject.java
 javax.tools.JavaFileObject
 javax.tools.JavaFileObject$Kind
com/squareup/javapoet/WildcardTypeName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.WildcardTypeName
javax/lang/model/element/AnnotationMirror.java
 javax.lang.model.element.AnnotationMirror
com/squareup/javapoet/TypeVariableName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeVariableName
javax/lang/model/element/QualifiedNameable.java
 javax.lang.model.element.QualifiedNameable
javax/lang/model/util/TypeKindVisitor8.java
 javax.lang.model.util.TypeKindVisitor8
javax/annotation/processing/Completion.java
 javax.annotation.processing.Completion
javax/lang/model/element/Element.java
 javax.lang.model.element.Element
com/squareup/javapoet/TypeName.java
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeName
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeName$1
 com.squareup.javapoet.TypeName$2
