com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutAboutItemsBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutAboutItemsBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/models/CompletionItemWrapper.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.CompletionItemWrapper
com/itsaky/androidide/views/transition/CubicBezierArc.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.transition.CubicBezierArc
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.transition.CubicBezierArc$Point
com/itsaky/androidide/models/AndroidProject.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.AndroidProject
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.AndroidProject$1
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/ProjectInfoSheet.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.ProjectInfoSheet
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/Cursor.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.Cursor
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/tokens/TokenType.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.tokens.TokenType
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/TextAnalyzeResult.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzeResult
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorBasePopupWindow.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorBasePopupWindow
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/schemes/SchemeNotepadXX.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.schemes.SchemeNotepadXX
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/highlighters/Highlighter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.highlighters.Highlighter
com/itsaky/androidide/models/project/IDEModule.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.project.IDEModule
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/dex/MergeDex.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.dex.MergeDex
io/github/rosemoe/editor/interfaces/AutoCompleteProvider.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.AutoCompleteProvider
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutProjectsItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutProjectsItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/DiagnosticClickListener.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.DiagnosticClickListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorTextActionWindow.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTextActionWindow
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/DiagnosticWindow.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.DiagnosticWindow
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/EditorPagerAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.EditorPagerAdapter
com/itsaky/androidide/models/ProjectTemplate.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.ProjectTemplate
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/preferences/BuildPreferences.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.BuildPreferences
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/DiagnosticItemAdpater.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.DiagnosticItemAdpater
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.DiagnosticItemAdpater$VH
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/Content.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.Content
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/KeyMetaStates.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.KeyMetaStates
com/itsaky/toaster/Toaster.java
 com.itsaky.toaster.Toaster
 com.itsaky.toaster.Toaster$Gravity
 com.itsaky.toaster.Toaster$Type
io/github/rosemoe/editor/interfaces/EditorEventListener.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.EditorEventListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/FormatThread.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.FormatThread
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.FormatThread$FormatResultReceiver
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/BaseGradleTask.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.BaseGradleTask
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/Row.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.Row
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/SearchListAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter$ChildAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter$ChildVH
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter$OnFileClickListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter$OnMatchClickListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SearchListAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaParserBaseListener.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParserBaseListener
com/itsaky/androidide/models/CompletionListItem.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.CompletionListItem
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.CompletionListItem$Type
com/itsaky/androidide/models/License.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.License
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/FileTreeCallable.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.FileTreeCallable
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.FileTreeCallable$HiddenFilesFilter
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.FileTreeCallable$SortFileName
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.FileTreeCallable$SortFolder
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/SpanRecycler.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.SpanRecycler
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.SpanRecycler$RecycleThread
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/FileTreeFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.FileTreeFragment
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.FileTreeFragment$FileActionListener
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/DefaultCompletionResultItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.DefaultCompletionResultItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutDiagnosticInfoBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutDiagnosticInfoBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/ErrorOrWarning.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.ErrorOrWarning
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/SymbolChannel.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.SymbolChannel
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/Layout.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.Layout
com/itsaky/androidide/PreferencesActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.PreferencesActivity
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/tokens/Token.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.tokens.Token
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/impls/java/JavaLexerImpl.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.impls.java.JavaLexerImpl
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/AbstractLayout.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.AbstractLayout
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/ObjectAllocator.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.ObjectAllocator
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/impls/groovy/GroovyLexerImpl.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.impls.groovy.GroovyLexerImpl
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/LineRemoveListener.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.LineRemoveListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/util/BinaryHeap.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.util.BinaryHeap
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.util.BinaryHeap$Node
io/github/rosemoe/editor/interfaces/NewlineHandler.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.NewlineHandler
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.NewlineHandler$HandleResult
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/OptionsListFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.OptionsListFragment
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.OptionsListFragment$OnOptionsClickListener
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/ProjectWriterCallback.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.ProjectWriterCallback
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/BaseBottomSheetFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.BaseBottomSheetFragment
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/manager/JavaCharacter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.manager.JavaCharacter
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/LicenseReader.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.LicenseReader
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.LicenseReader$1
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/Build.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.Build
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityTerminalBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityTerminalBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/AssembleDebug.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.AssembleDebug
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/NavigationItem.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.NavigationItem
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/FontCache.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.FontCache
com/itsaky/androidide/receivers/LogReceiver.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.receivers.LogReceiver
 com.itsaky.androidide.receivers.LogReceiver$LogListener
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutDiagnosticGroupBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutDiagnosticGroupBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutSymbolItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutSymbolItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/EditorActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.EditorActivity
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorCompletionAdapter.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorCompletionAdapter
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/TransformUtils.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.TransformUtils
com/itsaky/androidide/StringFog.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.StringFog
com/itsaky/androidide/views/MaterialBanner.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.MaterialBanner
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.MaterialBanner$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.MaterialBanner$2
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.MaterialBanner$OnNegativeClickListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.MaterialBanner$OnPositiveClickListener
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/ProgressSheet.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.ProgressSheet
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/ContentListener.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.ContentListener
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutCreateProjectContentBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutCreateProjectContentBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/CompletionListAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.CompletionListAdapter
com/itsaky/androidide/models/LogLine.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.LogLine
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/SymbolInputAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SymbolInputAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.SymbolInputAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/LogSheet.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.LogSheet
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/CharPosition.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.CharPosition
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/CleanBuild.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.CleanBuild
com/itsaky/androidide/views/transition/ArcMotionPlus.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.transition.ArcMotionPlus
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaParserVisitor.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParserVisitor
com/itsaky/androidide/language/xml/XMLAnalyzer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.XMLAnalyzer
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/DefaultLexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.DefaultLexer
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutSearchResultGroupBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutSearchResultGroupBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/OptionsSheetAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.OptionsSheetAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.OptionsSheetAdapter$OnOptionsClickListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.OptionsSheetAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/managers/ToolsManager.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.managers.ToolsManager
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorAutoCompleteWindow.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorAutoCompleteWindow
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorAutoCompleteWindow$MatchThread
com/itsaky/androidide/services/Jar2DexService.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.services.Jar2DexService
 com.itsaky.androidide.services.Jar2DexService$1
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/schemes/SchemeDarcula.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.schemes.SchemeDarcula
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/highlighters/JavaHighlighter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.highlighters.JavaHighlighter
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityPreferencesBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityPreferencesBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaParser.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AltAnnotationQualifiedNameContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationConstantRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationMethodOrConstantRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationMethodRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationTypeBodyContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationTypeDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationTypeElementDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$AnnotationTypeElementRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ArgumentsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ArrayCreatorRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ArrayInitializerContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$BlockContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$BlockStatementContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$CatchClauseContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$CatchTypeContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassBodyContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassBodyDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassCreatorRestContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassOrInterfaceModifierContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassOrInterfaceTypeContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ClassTypeContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$CompilationUnitContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ConstDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ConstantDeclaratorContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ConstructorDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$CreatedNameContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$CreatorContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$DefaultValueContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ElementValueArrayInitializerContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ElementValueContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ElementValuePairContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ElementValuePairsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$EnhancedForControlContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$EnumBodyDeclarationsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$EnumConstantContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$EnumConstantsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$EnumDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ExplicitGenericInvocationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ExplicitGenericInvocationSuffixContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ExpressionContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ExpressionListContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FieldDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FinallyBlockContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FloatLiteralContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ForControlContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ForInitContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FormalParameterContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FormalParameterListContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$FormalParametersContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$GenericConstructorDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$GenericInterfaceMethodDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$GenericMethodDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ImportDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InnerCreatorContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$IntegerLiteralContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceBodyContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceBodyDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceMemberDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceMethodDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$InterfaceMethodModifierContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LambdaBodyContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LambdaExpressionContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LambdaParametersContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LastFormalParameterContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LiteralContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LocalTypeDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$LocalVariableDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$MemberDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$MethodBodyContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$MethodCallContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$MethodDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ModifierContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$NonWildcardTypeArgumentsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$NonWildcardTypeArgumentsOrDiamondContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$PackageDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ParExpressionContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$PrimaryContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$PrimitiveTypeContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$QualifiedNameContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$QualifiedNameListContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ResourceContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ResourceSpecificationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$ResourcesContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$StatementContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$SuperSuffixContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$SwitchBlockStatementGroupContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$SwitchLabelContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeArgumentContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeArgumentsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeArgumentsOrDiamondContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeBoundContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeDeclarationContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeListContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeParameterContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeParametersContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeTypeContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$TypeTypeOrVoidContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$VariableDeclaratorContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$VariableDeclaratorIdContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$VariableDeclaratorsContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$VariableInitializerContext
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParser$VariableModifierContext
com/itsaky/androidide/views/EmptyView.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.EmptyView
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutTextSizeSliderBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutTextSizeSliderBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/dex/MergeExtDex.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.dex.MergeExtDex
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaLexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaLexer
com/itsaky/androidide/app/StudioApp.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.app.StudioApp
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/JavaLanguage.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaLanguage
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaLanguage$BraceHandler
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaLanguage$JavaSymbolPairs
com/itsaky/androidide/language/xml/XMLLanguage.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.XMLLanguage
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.XMLLanguage$IndentHandler
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/Lexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.Lexer
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/ProjectsFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.ProjectsFragment
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.ProjectsFragment$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.ProjectsFragment$GetProjectsTask
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/Bundle.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.Bundle
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutDialogTextInputBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutDialogTextInputBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/DownloadLinkFetcher.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.DownloadLinkFetcher
com/itsaky/androidide/language/xml/completion/XMLCompletionService.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.completion.XMLCompletionService
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.completion.XMLCompletionService$Attr
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.completion.XMLCompletionService$IsInValueScanner
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutEditorFileTreeBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutEditorFileTreeBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/util/Objects.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.util.Objects
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/TextActionPopupWindow.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.TextActionPopupWindow
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/sheets/TextSheetFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.sheets.TextSheetFragment
com/itsaky/androidide/language/xml/XMLAutoComplete.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.XMLAutoComplete
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.XMLAutoComplete$1
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/lexer/impls/BaseJavaLexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.lexer.impls.BaseJavaLexer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/Span.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.Span
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/colorschemes/SchemeWombat.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.colorschemes.SchemeWombat
com/itsaky/androidide/views/TooltipLayout.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.TooltipLayout
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/Filter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.Filter
com/itsaky/androidide/models/DiagnosticGroup.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.DiagnosticGroup
com/itsaky/androidide/models/GradleSuggestItem.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.GradleSuggestItem
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/EditorFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.EditorFragment
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.EditorFragment$FileOpenListener
com/itsaky/androidide/language/xml/lexer/XMLLexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.xml.lexer.XMLLexer
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/FileUtil.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.FileUtil
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/Environment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.Environment
com/itsaky/androidide/AboutActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.AboutActivity
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/schemes/SchemeEclipse.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.schemes.SchemeEclipse
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/server/JavaLanguageServer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.server.JavaLanguageServer
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.server.JavaLanguageServer$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.server.JavaLanguageServer$2
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.server.JavaLanguageServer$Key
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.server.JavaLanguageServer$Method
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/SymbolPairMatch.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.SymbolPairMatch
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.SymbolPairMatch$DefaultSymbolPairs
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.SymbolPairMatch$Replacement
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/JavaAutoComplete.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaAutoComplete
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaAutoComplete$1
com/itsaky/androidide/models/SuggestItem.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.SuggestItem
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/preferences/GeneralPreferences.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.GeneralPreferences
com/itsaky/androidide/models/DexPair.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.DexPair
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.DexPair$1
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorSearcher.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorSearcher
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorSearcher$1
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutSearchProjectBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutSearchProjectBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/models/SearchResult.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.SearchResult
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ProblemViewBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ProblemViewBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/TextUtils.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextUtils
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutNavHeaderBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutNavHeaderBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/UnzipCallable.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.UnzipCallable
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutSearchResultItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutSearchResultItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/EitherOfResult.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.EitherOfResult
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RuntimeTypeAdapterFactory$1
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorTextActionModeStarter.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTextActionModeStarter
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTextActionModeStarter$1
com/itsaky/androidide/views/transition/ProgressTransition.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.transition.ProgressTransition
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.transition.ProgressTransition$1
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/RecursiveFileSearcher.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RecursiveFileSearcher
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RecursiveFileSearcher$Callback
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RecursiveFileSearcher$MultiFileFilter
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.RecursiveFileSearcher$Searcher
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/RowIterator.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.RowIterator
com/itsaky/androidide/syntax/colorschemes/SchemeAndroidIDE.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.syntax.colorschemes.SchemeAndroidIDE
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/TypefaceUtils.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.TypefaceUtils
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/ReadFileTask.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.ReadFileTask
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/Logger.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.Logger
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/UndoManager.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager$ContentAction
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager$DeleteAction
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager$InsertAction
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager$MultiAction
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.UndoManager$ReplaceAction
com/itsaky/androidide/language/buildout/BuildOutputLanguage.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.buildout.BuildOutputLanguage
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.buildout.BuildOutputLanguage$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.buildout.BuildOutputLanguage$BuildAnalyzer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/LineBreakLayout.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.LineBreakLayout
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.LineBreakLayout$LineBreakLayoutRowItr
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutCompletionWindowBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutCompletionWindowBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/interfaces/CodeAnalyzer.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.CodeAnalyzer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/schemes/SchemeVS2019.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.schemes.SchemeVS2019
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaParserBaseVisitor.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParserBaseVisitor
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/ModuleInfoAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ModuleInfoAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ModuleInfoAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutProjectDetailsBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutProjectDetailsBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutCompletionItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutCompletionItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/models/project/IDEProject.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.project.IDEProject
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.project.IDEProject$SDK
io/github/rosemoe/editor/util/LongArrayList.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.util.LongArrayList
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityDownloadBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityDownloadBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutInstallToolsBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutInstallToolsBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutToastBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutToastBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutCreateProjectBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutCreateProjectBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/MaterialEdgeEffect.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.MaterialEdgeEffect
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/preferences/EditorPreferences.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.EditorPreferences
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/TextComposePanelBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.TextComposePanelBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/BaseFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.BaseFragment
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/MainPagerAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.MainPagerAdapter
com/itsaky/androidide/DownloadActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.DownloadActivity
 com.itsaky.androidide.DownloadActivity$1
com/itsaky/androidide/services/MessagingService.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.services.MessagingService
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutProjectsBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutProjectsBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/ContentLine.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.ContentLine
com/itsaky/androidide/views/NonSwipableViewPager.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.NonSwipableViewPager
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/ProjectWriter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.ProjectWriter
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutDiagnosticItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutDiagnosticItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/app/StudioActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.app.StudioActivity
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/lint/LintDebug.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.lint.LintDebug
com/itsaky/androidide/MainActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.MainActivity
 com.itsaky.androidide.MainActivity$OnEndTransitionListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.MainActivity$ProjectReader
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/dex/MergeLibAndProjectDex.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.dex.MergeLibAndProjectDex
io/github/rosemoe/editor/langs/EmptyLanguage.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.langs.EmptyLanguage
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.langs.EmptyLanguage$1
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.langs.EmptyLanguage$EmptyAutoCompleteProvider
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.langs.EmptyLanguage$EmptyCodeAnalyzer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/NoCacheIndexer.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.NoCacheIndexer
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutSheetBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutSheetBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/models/ConstantsBridge.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.ConstantsBridge
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/IntProperty.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.IntProperty
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityEditorBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityEditorBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/lint/Lint.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.lint.Lint
io/github/rosemoe/editor/annotations/Experimental.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.annotations.Experimental
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/TextComposeBasePopup.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.TextComposeBasePopup
com/itsaky/androidide/managers/PreferenceManager.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.managers.PreferenceManager
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/core/Tasks.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.core.Tasks
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/LineNumberCalculator.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.LineNumberCalculator
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/lint/LintRelease.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.lint.LintRelease
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/AssembleRelease.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.AssembleRelease
com/itsaky/androidide/services/IDEService.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.services.IDEService
 com.itsaky.androidide.services.IDEService$BuildListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/CodeEditor.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$1
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$1SearchActionMode
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$1SearchActionMode$1
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$CursorPaintAction
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$EditorTextActionPresenter
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CodeEditor$TextActionMode
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/Either.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.Either
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/DexResultListener.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.DexResultListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/SpanMapUpdater.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.SpanMapUpdater
com/itsaky/androidide/language/groovy/lexer/GroovyLexer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.groovy.lexer.GroovyLexer
com/itsaky/androidide/language/groovy/GroovyAnalyzer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.groovy.GroovyAnalyzer
com/itsaky/androidide/models/SheetOption.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.SheetOption
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/preferences/BasePreferenceFragment.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.BasePreferenceFragment
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivityAboutBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivityAboutBinding
com/itsaky/toaster/ToastWrapper.java
 com.itsaky.toaster.ToastWrapper
 com.itsaky.toaster.ToastWrapper$1
com/itsaky/androidide/project/utils/ProjectFinder.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.project.utils.ProjectFinder
 com.itsaky.androidide.project.utils.ProjectFinder$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.project.utils.ProjectFinder$2
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/ClassBuilder.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.ClassBuilder
com/itsaky/androidide/language/logs/LogLanguageImpl.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.logs.LogLanguageImpl
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.logs.LogLanguageImpl$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.logs.LogLanguageImpl$LogAnalyzer
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.logs.LogLanguageImpl$LogCompletor
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/TextComposePopupWindowBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.TextComposePopupWindowBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/JLSRequestor.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.JLSRequestor
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/WordwrapLayout.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.WordwrapLayout
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.WordwrapLayout$RowRegion
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.WordwrapLayout$WordwrapLayoutRowItr
com/itsaky/androidide/interfaces/LanguageServerListener.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.interfaces.LanguageServerListener
com/itsaky/androidide/sockets/SocketConnection.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.sockets.SocketConnection
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/ProjectCreatorCallable.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.ProjectCreatorCallable
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/schemes/SchemeGitHub.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.schemes.SchemeGitHub
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorColorScheme.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorColorScheme
com/itsaky/androidide/views/VerticalViewPager.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.VerticalViewPager
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.VerticalViewPager$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.VerticalViewPager$VerticalPageTransformer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/HexColor.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.HexColor
com/itsaky/androidide/fragments/preferences/IDEPreferences.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.IDEPreferences
 com.itsaky.androidide.fragments.preferences.IDEPreferences$1
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/Symbols.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.Symbols
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/plugin/InitializeIDEProject.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.plugin.InitializeIDEProject
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/BlockLine.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.BlockLine
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutBannerBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutBannerBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/viewholders/FileTreeViewHolder.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.viewholders.FileTreeViewHolder
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutFiletreeItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutFiletreeItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/BaseGradleTasks.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.BaseGradleTasks
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/ActivitySplashBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.ActivitySplashBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/FragmentEditorBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.FragmentEditorBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutOptionssheetItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutOptionssheetItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/models/CompletionEdit.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.CompletionEdit
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.CompletionEdit$InsertPosition
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutProgressSheetBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutProgressSheetBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/callables/ListDirectoryCallable.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.ListDirectoryCallable
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.callables.ListDirectoryCallable$1
com/itsaky/androidide/language/groovy/GroovyAutoComplete.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.groovy.GroovyAutoComplete
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/TextAnalyzer.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzer
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzer$AnalyzeThread
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzer$AnalyzeThread$Delegate
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzer$Callback
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.TextAnalyzer$RecycleObjContainer
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/gradle/build/Clean.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.gradle.build.Clean
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutModuleInfoItemBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutModuleInfoItemBinding
com/itsaky/androidide/utils/StudioUtils.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.utils.StudioUtils
com/itsaky/androidide/language/groovy/GroovyLanguage.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.groovy.GroovyLanguage
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.groovy.GroovyLanguage$BraceHandler
com/itsaky/androidide/language/BaseLanguage.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.BaseLanguage
com/itsaky/androidide/models/project/IDETask.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.project.IDETask
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/CachedIndexer.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.CachedIndexer
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/parser/JavaParserListener.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.parser.JavaParserListener
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/DefaultCompletionItemAdapter.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.DefaultCompletionItemAdapter
com/itsaky/androidide/databinding/LayoutCreateFileJavaBinding.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.databinding.LayoutCreateFileJavaBinding
io/github/rosemoe/editor/interfaces/EditorLanguage.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.interfaces.EditorLanguage
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/ProjectsListAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ProjectsListAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ProjectsListAdapter$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ProjectsListAdapter$OnProjectClickListener
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.ProjectsListAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/models/NewProjectDetails.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.models.NewProjectDetails
io/github/rosemoe/editor/text/Indexer.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.text.Indexer
com/itsaky/androidide/shell/ShellServer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.shell.ShellServer
 com.itsaky.androidide.shell.ShellServer$Callback
com/itsaky/androidide/managers/VersionedFileManager.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.managers.VersionedFileManager
com/itsaky/androidide/BuildConfig.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.BuildConfig
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorTouchEventHandler.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$1InvalidateNotifier
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$1ScrollNotifier
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$2InvalidateNotifier
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$3InvalidateNotifier
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$EdgeScrollRunnable
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorTouchEventHandler$SelectionHandle
com/itsaky/androidide/views/Editor.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.Editor
io/github/rosemoe/editor/util/IntPair.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.util.IntPair
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/EditorInputConnection.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.EditorInputConnection
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/GradleTask.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.GradleTask
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.GradleTask$Type
com/itsaky/androidide/adapters/DiagnosticsAdapter.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.DiagnosticsAdapter
 com.itsaky.androidide.adapters.DiagnosticsAdapter$VH
com/itsaky/androidide/TerminalActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.TerminalActivity
 com.itsaky.androidide.TerminalActivity$1
 com.itsaky.androidide.TerminalActivity$Client
io/github/rosemoe/editor/struct/CompletionItem.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.struct.CompletionItem
com/itsaky/androidide/SplashActivity.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.SplashActivity
 com.itsaky.androidide.SplashActivity$1
com/itsaky/androidide/tasks/TaskExecutor.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.TaskExecutor
 com.itsaky.androidide.tasks.TaskExecutor$Callback
com/itsaky/androidide/language/java/JavaLanguageAnalyzer.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.language.java.JavaLanguageAnalyzer
io/github/rosemoe/editor/widget/CursorBlink.java
 io.github.rosemoe.editor.widget.CursorBlink
com/itsaky/androidide/views/SymbolInputView.java
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.SymbolInputView
 com.itsaky.androidide.views.SymbolInputView$Symbol
